Dev Requirements:

Install node.js:
Ubuntu: https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/#debian-and-ubuntu-based-linux-distributions


Install jsdocs globally:
sudo npm install -g jsdoc



To Generate Docs:
In root directory:
Delete the docs directory.
Run:
    jsdoc public_html/js/leeboard -r -d docs



Exporting Blender to JSON model:
Blender plug-in is in three.js/utils/exports/blender
When exporting, make sure in Apply Modifiers Type is set to Geometry, and then Faces and Face Materials
are both checked.



TODO:

Straighten out orbit/pan mode, need to adjust for y-up in ThreeJS.

Add drop-down button for toggling force arrows.

Redo LED bar indicator into separate class, that has good, marginal, and bad ranges.


Buttons to add:
HUD display buttons (Boat, Wind, Forces)
Toggle Velocity Arrows
Toggle Force Arrows

Wind Menu (click on wind indicator???):
    Increase
    Decrease
    Back
    Veer
    Steady
    Gusty



Add minimum angle for lift to sail foil.

Add ability to release rudder (space + CTRL? dbl-click rudder control?)

Add 3D force arrows.

Need to limit the sail/keel forces when they get near the water surface (probably anything closer than 45 degrees).

Need to track shifting child rigid bodies, but only when they change.
Maybe we don't really care about the boom and rudder?
- Vessel:
    - MainMast
    - MainBoom
        Change would typically be rotation of boom
    - Rudder
        Change would typically be rotation of rudder.
        Do we need to track this?

The way the Cannon body stuff currently works is that we take the volumes
of a rigid body and then:
    - Clone the vertices.
    - Generate a CANNON.ConvexPolyhedron() for each volume
    - Update the body center of mass from all the shapes (this is dependent on the individual volumes)

So, want to be able to update the vertices of the shape associated with a given volume,
but only if the volume has moved or changed shape.
More than anything, don't want to have to create new shapes.



Lateral hull resistance > longitudinal hull resistance
Hull windage


Rotate world:
    Option to rotate world, rotate boat
    Ability to shift center of view, re-center.


Draggable controls:


Add wake sprites

Add optional traveled path (i.e. long wake)

Add wind puffs on water.

Animate water

Wind manager

Sailing boundaries

Zoom?


Put together THREE.js based main...


Much Later:
Boat designer:
Lets you change different parameters of the boat.



